our occasion like that it's immediate
lovely to see everyone again and I'm
sorry but you are going to have to up
with the school I think it if you want
the videos that's what was going to be
like I mentioned a company and a couple
videos back called punter pins and I
liked their product so much that I
decided to autumn more from them it was
a good thing I had about you for than my
book I think it was 10% off or 10 pounds
off or something so I ordered 15 pounds
worth of pins and Patrick from them and
I have them right here I thought I could
do a little first impressions unboxing
type things because it would be quick
for me to make and event value they also
show these some of the awesome products
that they've got on that I have
forgotten why I've ordered so it's going
to be a surprise to me opening 15 if it
landed it should be fun let's get into
that so it just comes in a little
envelope our mail envelope you know the
bubble wrap ones that have got the
bottle up in your flight I'm going to
hang up so it's inside so this lot I
think everything is individually wrapped
which is really nice
the first thing I've got a little gift
card and it just says rad on it and the
little brand logo in the corner that
quote 3 I'll put that on my wall dress
I also have my invoice to the restaurant
important this is the first thing it
comes in a cute little pink pouch and
it's got a stick liner that I got two
things in this pouch one I got this cute
little unicorn packed it's the most
graceful unicorn
apparently this one is not like on sale
for full price because the designer
didn't like the design but they thought
they'd sell anyway collides it will be
away the other thing is this little
sticker which is a phone it says mother
it's me and I thought that was the most
adorable thing ever I'm not going to
straight on my water
if you didn't get reference by the way
it's from the x-files
whenever Scully signs up Mulder Mulder
it's me
I have for you second little pink
package so I got to pin badges in that
pink house the first one is this cute
little go that's how adorable that is it
reminds me you can't see it reminds me a
little bit of them an absolute from
undertale which i think is adorable and
I think the press ghost is is pretty
okay my soul mate the next one is just
Alice in Wonderland's
rabbit one it's beautifully designed it
so intricate and so so cute I love it
finally I have this big powerful pouch
it's got spots on it and I listen for
this because I genuinely do not remember
why ordered again I got two things first
one being this little cactus patch I
love cacti and succulents and is the
cutest thing ever
it looks very professional and I've some
cactus and then the other one the reason
I bought this was because all of these
are going on my Bible case and I just
thought it would be so funny toughest on
my Bible case miss this one does the
book was better so those are all the
products that I ordered from funky pins
it came to a total of 15 pounds 80
pounds and I have to pay to punt it
globally for shipping so that's okay to
product the worth it and I actually got
quite a lot of stuff but one else now
happy birthday happy Easter happy
christmas happy
yes someone's giving summer holidays I
need a new pump okay
have a lovely week and I will see
[Music]